Fuzzy Inference System as an approximator (regressor) (estimator) for Vibration Modes of Cantilever-Spring-Oscillator - Adaptive energy harvester. 
In electro-mechanical-systems, cantilevers are among the mostly used elements for disparate applications including: vibration controllers, energy harvesters, resonators and sensors, biomedical devices and so forth. Studying vibrational and dynamical behavior of such systems is of significant interest. A simple cantilever is studied for several approaches. But, a cantilever coupled to an oscillator hung by means of a spring; is a complicated problem. To find the resonce frequencies, a nonlinear transcendental eqaution is to be solved, which is a tedious task and computationaly expensive. To avoid such computational costs, a regressior model (estimator) is trained. Since the current system is highly nonlinear with uncertainty; fuzzy logic is adopted. Thus, consolidation of fuzzy logic and neural networks (ANFIS) is chosen as the inference system. MATLAB is equipped with ANFIS (adaptive-neuro-fuzzy-inference-system) toolbox which trains the fuzzy rule sets using neural networks.For current case study, the stiffness (spring constant) is 0.1 times the flexural rigidity (bending stiffness) of the cantilever. And oscillator mass is assigned to different values. GBell membership function is adopted with 14 functions and 300 Epochs. The fis file is provided. This fuzzy inference system takes the desired resonant frequency and yields the corresponding mass of the oscillator. Such a FIS can be highly applicable in adaptive electro-mechanical-systems such as: adaptive MEMS, adaptive energy harvesters, ... etc.  

